Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
Jax: Otto killing that nurse,
that'll make RICO go away?
Yes, but this could
unravel for Tara.
She could do
serious time for this.
RICO is dead, bitch.
I ain't giving you shit.
These next few months
will be
the most excruciatingly
painful time
of your sick
and miserable life.
Killing RICO was Jax making
a move to end our deal.
You think I'm just
gonna cut ties
without setting you up
with something else?
Mayans will mule from AZ.
Niners will still push
Pope's weight into Reno.
Who gets us the Irish guns?
I can dip into Gaza,
German snipers,
some antitank shit.
- Can you make it work?
- Yeah.
I'm gonna be forced to create
some new opportunities
outside of SAMCRO.
How much longer you need
Trager on that leash?
I'm still putting together
the pieces
on how to bring Clay down.
When that happens,
you can have Trager.
The safe that the Nomads
stole when they broke in,
they gave Clay back
all the legal shit.
That's gonna prove Clay is
a traitor and a murderer.
Wendy came by the hospital.
We have to tell them
the truth, Jax.
No, we don't.
You took Jax Teller?
Why the hell would we
do that, ese?
'Cause you want guns.
You ponchos wanted me back?
I'm back.
I'm tired of being crushed
under the weight of greedy
men who believe in nothing.
I have to change that.
Jax, thinking:
There will be days
when you're forced
to make decisions
that affect the lives
of everyone you love--
choices that will
change you forever.
You reach an age
where you realize
that being a man isn't
about respect or strength.
It's about being aware
of all the things you touch.
Children face inward,
wallow in their own
selfish needs.
Men face out, take action
on the needs of others.
I'm at that place, boys.
I'm staring one of those
decisions in the face,
and it looks back at me
with historical eyes,
and it calls me a coward...
a killer...
a fraud.
It wants me to crack
and run from
the service of my fate
like a broken boy.
Today I will not do that.
Today I will be the man
my father tried to be.
I will make you proud.
[knock knock]
Guys are all here.
Good.
Let's get this day
locked down.
It's gonna be
a big one.
We get a time yet
from Gaalan?
2:00 at the barn.
There's something
we got to handle first.
What?
I'm bringing Clay
to the table.
What are you
talking about?
He's gonna admit what he
did with the Nomads.
Then we decide
what to do with him.
What are you doing, Bobby?
My job.
I was lying in a hospital bed,
thinking about
all the shit I'd lost.
I wasn't ready to let it go.
I reached out
to Frankie Diamonds.
He was the one that suggested
the home invasions.
We figured we could rattle
some of the folks
close to the club,
make it look like the MC
was gonna hurt Charming
and that Jax couldn't
protect his own.
Frankie pulled in
Gogo and Greg.
I promised to split
my percentages
when I got the gavel back.
And attacking Unser
at your house
took the focus from you.
Yeah.
And Eli's old lady?
You know, when they picked up
the East Dub crew,
I thought that was a good way
to put the attacks onto Pope.
And now with Jax
working with him,
I figured I could use it
to help sway the club my way.
I never wanted anybody
to get hurt.
Tig: But they did.
You hurt a lot of people.
You know, I-- I don't expect
anyone to believe this.
I ain't saying
it wasn't 'cause of my pride
and my greed, 'cause it was,
but the main reason
I was trying to push out Jax
was because I didn't think
he was ready to lead.
This cartel shit,
the pressure with the Irish...
I didn't think
he could handle it.
I was wrong.
He's proving to be a better
leader than I ever was.
[sighs]
I'll be in the garage.
We heard his story.
Vote has to be unanimous.
Does anyone else have
anything they'd like to say?
All in favor of Clay
losing his patch.
Yea.
- Yea.
As far as the mayhem goes...
let's hear pros and cons.
Chibs: He's a traitor.
I ain't buying this humble
"for the good of the club"
bullshit.
He's done.
Anyone else?
All in favor of Clay Morrow
meeting Mr. Mayhem.
Yea.
Yeah.
No.
[gavel bangs]
Chibs:
I'll go get him.
[grunting]
Jackie!
Jackie! Come on!
Jackie, come on.
Jax! Jax, come on.
Jackie! Off!
[shouting]
- Easy!
- Come on!
Leave it!
Done.
[panting]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
You made a deal with him
behind my back.
We couldn't prove shit.
We both know that.
And there's no way
that you would--
could let...
Clay sit at this table.
Me either.
The shit he's done.
He needed to go away.
If I didn't make this deal,
you would've killed him
as soon as we were
finished with Gaalan.
And you would've done it
behind the club's back.
Do that once,
next time just becomes
a little easier,
and before you know it,
this thing that we have
is pointless.
I stopped you
from becoming the guy
that you wanted to kill.
You think this vote
protects Clay?
You want him dead.
Seems like the only
choice today.
But I know you, Jax.
The right thing settles in.
And how is letting him walk
the "right thing"?
I know
you see it as betrayal.
I took that risk
because I love you.
And this club needs you.
We're broken.
I've had a hard time feeling
any love or brotherhood
since Opie died.
You just lost your way
a bit, brother.
No, I found it, finally.
Opie was right.
The gavel corrupts.
You can't sit in this chair
without being a savage.
I know.
You don't know shit.
You counsel from fear.
You want me moving in
comfortable, cozy circles,
and I can't do that.
[lighter clicks]
You should go.
You-- You really should
go to the ER, baby.
I'll be fine.
Some of these
need stitches.
Can you, uh...
Can you just give me
a minute alone?
Yeah.
Sure.
[sobbing]
You have
a good day, okay?
I love you.
Here, take this.
- Bye.
- All right.
This is convenient.
Yeah.
Do you have something
in place for them?
The boys,
in case anything
were to happen to you...
or Jax.
Do you have a living trust
or will of any kind?
I don't know.
The marriage thing
happened kind of fast.
I know Jax
has life insurance.
That's good,
but who gets custody?
- Gemma?
- No.
[sighs]
I don't know.
I can help you with that.
[door opens]
Jackie boy,
sorry to bother you,
but August just called,
and, uh,
Pope wants a meeting.
Charming Heights.
When?
Now.
[beep]
State your association
with Otto Delaney.
He's a friend of the family.
He's a member of the motorcycle
club Sons of Anarchy.
You have affiliations
with any other members?
My husband is the club
president, Jackson Teller.
Is that why you decided
to volunteer
your medical services?
Yes. My husband
served time.
I know how difficult
it can be.
I wanted to make
a difference.
So it wasn't an attempt
to visit Otto Delaney
on behalf of the club?
No. I didn't even know
I'd have access to Otto.
I saw his request,
did what I came here to do.
You were in the infirmary
three days before
Pamela Toric was murdered.
You saw Delaney
on all three of those days.
Yes, I treated him.
First for staph, then I did
tests for meningitis.
You know Otto's
blood work showed no signs
of either ailment.
My client responded
to the patient's
symptomatic condition.
Whether they were real
or not isn't the issue.
Of course.
Were you aware that bringing
anything to a prisoner
is in direct violation
of the agreement you signed?
[whispering]
I didn't study the contract,
so, no, I wasn't aware
of that specifically.
So you thought it was okay
to bring a violent felon
something he could
use as a weapon?
Dr. Knowles
brought a desperate man
something to pray with.
He was in restraints
when she put the crucifix
around his neck.
Yes, it was naive, but she had
no idea what he would do.
That true, Doctor?
Yes.
I had no idea
what he was capable of.
What's all this?
Pope Partners is evaluating
Hale's project.
It's promising.
Where do you land in the Pope
organizational chart, Augie?
Adviser. Confidant.
No title?
VP of Special Deeds?
Heir to the blood throne?
Been with Mr. Pope
since I was 17,
if that tells you
anything.
Tells me you're loyal.
Or patient.
- Yeah.
- Okay. Great.
Charming Heights is
shaping up to be significant.
It's a smart development.
Hale's a shitty mayor,
but he's a good developer.
We all can't be all things.
You had a close call
last night.
I'm glad
you and the cartel
came to an agreement
on Clay's exit.
It's not done yet.
I'm gonna need you to push
20 more keys out to Reno.
Offset the cost
of the Chinese guns.
Shouldn't be a problem.
You're good at this,
Jackson.
Sure you want to get
out of the drug business?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Hmm.
Can I ask your advice
on something?
Of course.
You make big decisions
every day,
take advice
from people you trust.
You ever choose
to go against that?
Just do something everyone
tells you is a bad idea?
This about Clay Morrow?
The club voted
to take his patch.
Mmm.
I want to take more.
Shit.
Democracy's overrated.
Revenge is never
about the greater good.
It's a visceral need
that has to be satisfied
or the strong lose focus.
How do I scratch
that visceral itch
without tearing
my club apart?
You can do both.
You just have to step away
from your need to feel it.
Come at it from a different
angle, a different source.
It's not about the process.
It's about the result.
Payback by proxy.
Something like that.
And now I'm gonna
need some results, Jax.
Clay is out.
Trager served his purpose.
It's time.
I got to finish this deal
with Lin and the Irish.
I'll deliver him tomorrow.
You just tell me
when and where.
Good.
'Cause if you break
this promise,
everything else goes away:
cartel-Lin deal,
Charming Heights,
and my agreement
not to crush your club.
Tig was Clay's right hand.
I'll never see him
as anything else.
Henry Lin,
Romeo Parada.
My associate, Luis Torres.
Pleasure, gentlemen.
Appreciate
you making the trip.
[snap]
Russian Kornet
with articulating tripod.
Thermal sight, 9M133 missiles.
Favorite of every
small mobile army.
Damn!
Now that's beautiful.
How much?
170-- 5K a missile.
What about the snipers
and the 50 cals?
For 50 cals, I can get
refurbished Brownings.
Snipes, I got Mausers
and Keppelers.
I'll get you prices.
Brownings are good,
and we like Keppelers.
So how many, how often?
My Palestinian friends
made it sound
like supply wasn't an issue,
but, uh, gonna take them
a minute to figure out
how to get more than one
in at a time.
How long of a minute?
That's a lot of personnel
to buy off.
At least two or three months.
You told us you could
get them every two weeks.
Yeah, once the route's
locked down,
but that shit takes time.
You guys know that.
[Romeo whispering]
Ten Kornets,
a hundred missiles,
two dozen Brownings,
two dozen KS-Vs with
quick-release silencers.
Once you figured out
the Hamas express,
we'll want drops
every two weeks.
Mayans MC will handle
the transport.
250 down payment.
Just let us know
the balance.
Absolutely.
Looking forward to doing
business with you.
You should.
We're gonna make you rich.
Galindo's getting pushed
on two fronts by Lobo Sonora.
We just lost Tubutama.
We can't wait three months
for them Kornets.
We're gonna need another
shipment of RPGs from the Irish
before we kill that tie.
Is that a problem?
Shouldn't be.
I'll ask Gaalan
at the pickup.
Don't ask him.
Tell him.
Before I get into this,
I want you to know
that everything's okay.
What?
Abel was in a car accident
last week.
Oh, my God.
There were no sustained
injuries.
He had a minor procedure
to correct his heartbeat,
but he's fine.
Jesus Christ.
Were you the one driving?
No.
Gemma.
She was stoned.
She crashed into a tree.
Holy shit.
She's been on a tear.
We both know that.
I'm not letting her
near the boys again.
Why are you
telling me this?
I thought about the last
conversation we had,
and, uh...
well, I know
it won't come easy to Jax,
but as a mother, I get it.
What does that mean
exactly?
I might have
to leave Charming.
Why? Another job?
Yeah, I hope so.
There's an offer on the table
from Providence Hospital.
Oregon?
Jax okay with that?
We're still figuring it out.
But I've been dealing
with the paperwork
around all of that,
and I... I just realized
that if anything ever happens
to me or, uh, to Jax,
there's nobody I trust
to take care of my boys.
I have no family.
You do need
that peace of mind.
Yeah, I do.
Abel's in day care.
You can spend some time
with him if you want.
He's a lot of fun.
I would really like that.
Well, I talked to Doreen,
and you're on the list,
so...
What do I say to him?
Just tell him
you're a friend of mine.
That's the best
I can do for now.
Okay. Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Where's Clay?
He turned in his patch.
It's been coming
for a while.
He's out of the club?
Look, Gaalan,
I know you blame me
for Kellan's death.
And you're right:
events in Belfast
spun out of control.
I just want to say,
I liked the priest.
He loved my dad.
He sacrificed himself
for my son-- I know that.
But after
our little dust-up,
you blowing the shit
out of our bikes,
I was hoping I might ease
some of this tension.
You hate the Mexicans.
So do we.
Romeo wants this shipment,
one more.
We give him that,
and we're done.
The MC and the IRA can go
back to business as usual.
Aye.
What is this?
Talked to Damon Pope.
Heard all about Clay.
Thought we should come by
and make sure the deal
was moving forward.
I told you
I would handle it.
We know how stubborn
the Irish can be.
And we all know how ignorant
you bean niggers can be.
Put the guns in the truck.
Don't touch
the bloody guns.
We all want
the same thing here!
Manny,
[speaking Spanish]!
- Jesus!
- [shouting]
Go! Come on!
Shit! Bobby!
- Behind him!
- Let's go!
Damelo.
Let me have it. Let's go.
Yo, jefe!
Andale.
Put the guns in the truck.
[speaking Spanish]
This buy is on the MC:
for killing my guys, and the
inconvenience of our wait.
We'll call it even.
Get your pasty white
asses out of here.
This is on you, boy.
Sons is gonna feel this
on both continents.
Lock down TM.
Alert families.
Get Tacoma down here.
Gaalan is gonna try
to hurt us.
I need you to find Gemma.
You have her call me.
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
Jax: You with Clay?
Yeah, helping him
collect his shit.
Good.
Listen closely.
Triple Two started running
dogfights, warehouse on Palm.
That true?
Yeah, this is Dante
pushing us out.
Starting collecting, too.
Shit.
Moved into Front Street,
Quadro's Liquors,
beauty supply,
Lana's place,
all started
paying protection.
You wanted it back,
ese, you got it.
But if we don't stop
that bleeding now,
ain't gonna be
nothing left.
How long we got?
They're moving fast.
Maybe a few days.
Got no choice, primo.
- Hey, darling.
- Hey.
How's the ass?
[laughs]
How's it look?
Like a snack.
- [chuckles]
- Where is he?
Kitchen, but he's with
a few of his crew.
He didn't want
to be disturbed.
Well, you know me.
I'm subtle.
Yeah.
I want to talk to the MC.
We'll come up with a plan.
We'll move on this tomorrow.
All right, man.
We'll be ready.
[Nero speaks Spanish]
Problems?
No.
What are you doing here?
Need a favor.
Wondering if, uh,
your doctor client
could take a look
at Clay.
What'd you do to him?
It's not me. It's Jax.
Clay got drummed out
of the club this morning.
Jax gave him a going-away
beat-down.
Jesus.
You know
that was coming down?
That's what you couldn't
talk to me about?
Some of it.
[chuckle]
What?
Clay's getting pushed out,
your brown distraction here--
they're pulling me back in.
That little vato,
uh, that's my cousin.
We started the crew
together 25 years ago.
Shit.
Now the Byz-Lats
are under siege, mama.
Your ghosts?
Yeah.
Ghosts.
I'll see
if I can get my doc.
Okay.
Thanks.
What you said last night--
you meant that?
Yeah.
That okay with you?
Hey. Sorry.
Tig just called.
Wants us all
at the clubhouse.
Something went down
with the Irish.
[sigh]
Damn it.
[speaking Spanish]
That's all of it,
brother.
Pulled everything
with a reaper.
Thanks.
Let Happy know I'm, uh,
I'm gonna take out
the ink tonight.
We'll do it at TM, so there's
no doubt it's been done.
Yeah, okay.
There's some vintage club
shit in there.
You're welcome to it.
Thank you.
You always liked it.
Yeah.
It's beautiful.
Piney gave it to me
for my five-year.
Always thought
I'd give it to Ope.
No, Clay, I can't.
Come on.
I got to get rid of it.
It's my way
of saying thanks.
[knock on door]
[knocking]
Hey.
Shit went south with Gaalan.
We're in lockdown.
Ah, Christ.
Go ahead, Juice.
You, too.
No, no.
Jax don't want me
anywhere--
I don't give a shit
about that.
You ain't safe here
alone. Let's go.
- Come on.
- Yeah.
Can you find it?
Oh, let me see.
Let me see.
Got them!
[Abel giggles]
Abel!
Daddy! Ha ha ha!
What are you doing
with him?
Just saying hi,
as friends.
Tara knows.
I'm gonna take him
back to day care.
You meet me outside.
Jax, I know you--
We'll do this outside.
[Wendy sighs]
We should take Tara
and the boys to TM.
We will.
You really want
to do this now?
It's the last thing I want
to do, but I have to.
- [car tires screech]
- I won't be long.
I'll be right here.
Shit.
Can I help you?
I'm sorry.
Are you Dr. Knowles?
Yes.
How did you get in here?
A guy in a white lab coat
said I could wait for you.
Lee Toric.
Pamela-- the nurse
that was murdered--
she was my sister.
Oh.
[sigh]
I'm so sorry.
My family and I are out
here for the funeral.
I knew you were there
when it happened.
I just wanted
to talk to you.
Of course.
Please sit down.
What can I do to help?
The prison investigator
hasn't said much of anything.
I was hoping you could
fill in the blanks.
I can try.
They said she was
attacked by an inmate
who had some kind
of cross.
Yes.
He threw her against a wall
and knocked her out.
She was unconscious when he--
he stabbed her in the throat.
I'm sure she didn't
feel anything.
And he did that
with a cross?
Yes.
She bled to death
from punctures wounds.
I wish
I could've done more.
I'm sorry.
I can imagine how awful
that was for you as well.
This is very helpful.
Thanks.
Do you know why
the inmate attacked her?
Were they arguing?
I don't really know.
I just came in
as it happened.
He was your patient?
Yes.
This was the third time
you were treating him,
right?
I think so.
How well
did you know him?
I didn't, really.
What about your husband?
Did he know him?
Who are you?
I already told you.
I'm the guy who just
lost his little sister.
U.S. Marshal?
- Retired.
- Mm-hmm.
And what do you want
from me?
The truth. Your side.
Tomorrow
ISU will get Otto's side.
What do you think
that's gonna sound like?
Maybe he tells them
he murdered my sister
to protect his MC
from a pending RICO
investigation,
and maybe he tells them
he got the murder weapon
from the wife of
the club's president.
I had no idea what he was
gonna do with that crucifix.
I believe you.
But I also believed
my niece and nephew
would grow up
with a mother.
You can hold on
to that card.
It's obsolete.
I'm still looking
for a new job.
It was his sister, Jax.
He knew everything.
He said Otto gives
his statement tomorrow.
I could be charged
with conspiracy
or even murder.
That's why I
called Wendy today.
Lowen kept talking
about wills
and who's gonna
take care of the boys
if anything happened
and--
And you think
that should be Wendy?
Well, I know I don't
want it to be your mother.
[knock on door]
Jackie, Gaalan called.
[chatter]
What is he doing here?
Gaalan reached out
to me.
He wants the guns
or the money
or he's gonna kill
Wendy.
Does he know
she's not my wife?
Yeah,
she made that clear.
He says
next thing he does,
he takes Abel,
brings him to Belfast.
Bobby: $475,000.
We pay back the Italians
and Nero, we ain't even close.
No way in hell we're gonna get
those guns back from Romeo.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't help but hear.
I may have a solution...
if you give me a minute.
Get out.
Got the doc out here.
Take care of those cuts.
Thanks.
I can get that cash.
It's almost half a mil.
And I got it.
Money for the ranch.
Norco?
No, that's your
exit money, man.
Bro, I-- I could've
bought my uncle's farm
over a year ago.
Diosa was doing great.
I wasn't
ready to step away.
And you're the one jamming me up
about speeding up the endgame?
Yeah, well, you know,
you seek out the people
that you need, right?
I saw you making
all the same mistakes.
Maybe I was just, uh,
yelling at myself.
And now it's too late.
But you knew
that was gonna happen.
I guess I did.
You can't stay in uniform
and not play the game, man.
Yeah.
Now I'm gonna be
looking for guns, mano,
and friends.
We're gonna be pushing
back Dante Ramirez
and his Three Two Crew,
so you consider the money
for the girl a down payment.
A loan or money
for goods and services?
Another partnership.
That was brutal today.
I know.
Not the way
I wanted it to go.
Sit down, please.
Thanks
for backing me up.
I did it for Jax.
I'm gonna check things out.
You don't
have to feel guilty.
I know Bobby was
the only "no" vote.
I don't feel guilty.
You earned it.
Yeah.
I did.
It's all here.
Let her go.
You okay?
Get me the hell out of here.
All right.
Tig's out by my car.
I'll be right there.
Sorry it had to come
to this.
Yeah, me, too.
There'll be
repercussions.
No trust.
Could be the end of an era.
Jax wants
that era to end.
Yeah.
It's just a matter of time
before he hands off all the
gun business to the Chinese.
But...
that don't have to end the
Real IRA business stateside.
I'm gonna put together a crew,
run 'em independent.
Work out of the MC in Belfast.
I'm sure I could
pick up the lion's share
of all of SAMCRO's business--
Italians, Oregon, Washington.
They'd rather work
with me than Lin anyway.
How's the club
react to that?
I'm a free agent.
I'll kick 'em back
the same thing Lin does--
keep it clean.
I'll run it past the Kings.
Uh...
I may need to lay low
for a minute, brother.
Was hoping to catch a cargo
ride back to Belfast,
regroup there,
wait for some of the heat
to die down in Charming.
I know.
I'm asking a lot.
You're the only American
I trust, Clay.
Yeah.
I'm a real patriot.
Meet me here tomorrow,
half four.
I have a charter
leaving out of Mendocino.
Give you a lift.
I'm, uh...
I'm hoping to bring Gemma.
So long as she doesn't
pack like my wife,
there'll be room.
Thank you, friend.
How's the junkie?
She's angry as ever.
What were you guys
talking about?
That offer I made you
the other day.
I'm gonna work
with the Irish.
Guns?
Independent.
I'm gonna pick up all the
business the club lets go of.
No politics, no beefs.
Just money.
Think about it.
It's my way...
of starting to make up
for all the damage.
He was kidnapped, Jax.
The Irishman
told me all about it.
Every detail-- how he
was taken from your house,
how you tracked him down
in Belfast--
He told you that
to scare you.
Well, it worked.
Nothing happened to Abel.
I got him home safe.
Yeah, and you would think that
with a close call like that
that it might've motivated you
to get the hell out of this.
But instead no,
what do you do?
You knock her up,
spit out another kid,
and throw your entire family
against the chaos.
And you, how could you
live like this?
What is wrong with you?
You don't know
what I've been through.
Oh, bullshit.
You know I'm right.
My boys are safe.
And so are you.
Oh.
And I suppose I should
be grateful, right?
Because you could've
just left me there,
let them cut my heart out or
whatever those IRA psychos do.
Tig will take you home.
This doesn't end with me
just going home, Jax.
You know, I wanted
to do this the right way.
Sane and sober.
But clearly, whatever
is going on around here
is beyond sanity.
And I've got the proof.
Abel being kidnapped,
the shit that happened
to me today--
I'm gonna report it.
And then I'm coming
after my son.
What do we do now, Jax?
That was not an idle
threat from Wendy.
And what do we do about Clay?
Gemma?
This marshal?
I-- I can't see it
anymore, baby.
I'm sorry. I-- I've tried.
Wendy can't prove shit.
There's no record of Abel
ever being in Belfast.
And Clay and Gemma,
that's gonna work itself out.
I can promise you that.
And Otto and this marshal,
it ain't gonna add up to shit.
You're not going to jail.
Come here.
I'm gonna give you
a beautiful life.
Thank you.
Talk tomorrow, yeah?
Yeah.
Tig take Wendy?
Aye.
Get him on the phone.
Right.
Time to earn your rent,
Chief.
You find out
everything you can.
U.S. Marshal?
Anything I should know?
Otto just killed his sister.
Tig.
Hold on.
You ready?
All set up.
Hey, can I talk to you
alone for a minute?
No.
We need to talk
this shit out.
I'm sure the right thing
will settle in.
But today,
if I get you alone, VP,
I'm gonna tear
your goddamn head off.
Yeah.
Hi.
You never asked me
why I lost the patch.
I guess
I didn't want to know.
Originals.
[sigh]
Why?
I thought
I wanted the club back.
You know, money, weight.
I was wrong.
The only thing I lost
that matters is you, Gem.
You're the only thing
I want back.
I don't know
what to say to that.
Listen...
Jax is gonna kill me if I
stay in Charming right now,
so I made a deal with Gaalan
to pick up some of the gun
slack left by the club.
He's gonna give me
safe haven in Belfast
until I think it makes
sense to come back.
Come with me.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Clay,
I can't just pick up
and leave.
You hire somebody
to help Chucky.
It's two months.
Besides, as tense
as things are with Tara,
it would probably do you
some good to step away.
When are you going?
Tomorrow afternoon.
Gaalan's got a charter jet
outside of Mendocino.
There's room for you.
I'll think about it.
Really?
Yeah.
They say change is good,
right?
[knock on door]
[sigh]
You better go.
I'll sleep at my place
tonight.
The ink
will ruin your sheets.
Okay.
I'll check on you later.
♪ This time is different ♪
♪ It's not like
the times before ♪
♪ I crossed my heart ♪
[needle buzzing]
♪ That I won't kill no more ♪
♪ Jesus, watch over me ♪
♪ I'll keep my anger at home ♪
♪ You better bless
these wicked hands ♪
♪ 'Cause they got
a mind of their own ♪
♪ Don't go downtown ♪
♪♪ [singer whistling]
[motorcycle engine starts]
♪ The devil
whispers in my ear ♪
♪ "It's time
for your curtain call" ♪
Yeah?
You got a visitor.
Thank you.
♪ Step aside, step aside ♪
♪ Oh, let
the whistler through ♪
♪ They really ain't
no help at all ♪
♪ For folks like me and you ♪
♪ Don't go downtown ♪
♪ Ah, get
your goddamn hands up ♪
♪ Don't you look at me ♪
♪ No one's dyin' here ♪
♪ Lord ♪
♪ Well, I came to get it on ♪
♪ Let's get it on ♪
♪ Jesus, watch over me ♪
♪ I'll keep my anger at home ♪
♪ You better bless
these wicked hands ♪
♪ 'Cause they got
a mind of their own ♪
♪ Don't go downtown ♪
Which one is it?
Top floor.
You pick it up?
Yeah. I hit Kentfield.
It's ready to shoot.
You can split.
Jax, why are you doing this?
Keeping life beautiful.
Wendy: Who is it?
Jax.
What are you doing here?
Look, I'm sorry.
Everything you said tonight,
it's been ringing in my head.
Can we talk?
Please?
Where's your partner?
She's in Frisco
with her mom.
Hey! [grunts]
Tomorrow I call
the rehab you work at.
I tell them you showed up
at my kid's day care,
out of your mind,
babbling about him being
kidnapped by the IRA.
That you were held hostage.
And I tell them
you were high as shit
and I'm afraid you're
a danger to my child.
Then I demand a drug test.
No! No, no, no!
Jax, please, no!
No!
[sobbing]
[coughs]
[panting]
You don't ever threaten
my family again.
♪♪ [whistling]